- [Instructor] Lets start looking at the customized options
that we have from the API, one by one.
The first one among them is formatting output,
and it definitely must have been a sense of relief
the moment you read this title,
because in one of the previous demos,
we actually had that serialized Json,
which was one long straight line,
and then you were not able to read it correctly.
So, yes, using customized mapping, you have a way
to format your output.
So how do you do that?
That can be done by the JsonbConfig object,
which means it is a runtime configuration, right,
so lets understand how to write this out.
Lets go to IDE, and I'm going to create
a source package here, com.app.mappers,
and here, I'm going to write a Class,
which is ObjectMapper, and I write a method inside it,
which is public, and it returns JsonbConfig, okay,
and what does that say, getObjectMapper().
So here I'm going to create a JsonbConfig object,
like that, by just instantiating it,
and this is the classes, getObjectMapper method
inside which, we are going to have the jsonbConfig object
ready with us, and all kinds of runtime customizations
that you want to apply, we set them right here,
and in every other test class
where you may want to apply the customization,
you can just fetch this JsonbConfig object
through this method, right,
so we'll not keep writing this object
in every other test class, we have one central class
where we write out that object, configure everything
that you want to do, and then go ahead
and apply to the test classes.
So this is for the short customizations that we want to do,
but when we get to adapters and serializers,
then we'll have to write it in their own classes.
So we'll look at that later,
don't worry about that right now.
Right now you're looking at this JsonbConfig object,
which will allow you to store runtime customizations,
and on this, you have a method,
which is called withformatting,
and I'm gonna set that to TRUE.
Okay, once you do this, you just have to
return that config object, that's all.
Okay, so now lets go ahead and clear the New Class
under the Tests folder, and say TestFormatting.
So now we're going to test out that runtime customization
that we are talking about.
Okay, and how do you make sure
that now the JsonbConfig object is available
with you when you serialize or de-serialize?
So what we're to do is,
when you clear that jsonb default instance,
which is that engine, like that, using the Builder object,
you can call the create API method,
and this create API comes with an overloaded version,
do you see that, which demands a JsonbConfig object,
so we're going to take that object
and we are going to obtain that object
by the ObjectMapper class,
so I'm just going to say, ObjectMapper,
and lets also do one more thing, lets make this static
so we can quickly call it on the class name
instead of instance.
Okay, so on line number 16, on the ObjectMapper class,
I just went and changed the method signature
and I added the static keyword to it.
Lets go back to TestFormatting,
and then say getObjectMapper.
So this is how you will create a jsonb instance now,
when you want the runtime customizations to apply.
The runtime customizations are stored
in the JsonbConfig object, and that's what you're passing
to the overload data create API,
and now getting the jsonb instance like that, okay?
So now, lets go ahead and do one thing,
lets get that Order object from our DataGenerator class,
we already have that with us, DataGenerator.getData,
okay, and we'll now take this jsonb instance
and say tojson, and then pass that order,
and what we also do is, we'll sys out this (mumbles),
so lets state this, put it under the sys out statement.
Okay, now lets run this and see.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, do you see something?
Now do you see your formatted output.
In all our previous demos, output was a simple long line
when we saw the json serialization,
but now, no more, you can do that customization,
and it'll give you the formatted output
the way we used to see on jsonlint.com.
I hope you recollect that example
when we actually took the entire string,
and went on to jsonlint.com
to find out how the formatting looks like, and then read it,
but now, you can do it right here on your console
using that runtime customization.
So, the withFormatting API of the JsonbConfig object
allows you to make sure that the formatting is applied
when it tries to serialize any of your Java objects.